Speaker 1 · 00:01
Hi. Let me just, let me just call me right now. So your, so your face when you just saw me, when I just saw you call right now, I had my eyes closed for a second and I saw you calling and I got really excited for a second and I just forgot, I feel like I've been living in a bad dream. I feel like I can't wake up something.
Speaker 2 · 00:26
Why did you call?
Speaker 1 · 00:28
Yeah, I wanted to call because I'm tired of texting back and forth and I just wanted to, like, hear you to hear my voice and not just be like a words. Ok. I'm truly deep down like I'm hurt, I'm hurting inside and, uh, I'm an idiot if I hurt you. I've never done this before in my, in our entire relationship or even thought about any other people.
Speaker 2 · 00:54
You're telling me that you haven't fucked the massage girl or Sarah?
Speaker 1 · 00:59
No, no, no, no, no.
Speaker 2 · 01:02
or no,
Speaker 1 · 01:03
no, no, no. Jordan. I swear to God you can ask Camilla. I would never me and Camilla she's been celibate and the massage therapist, me and her have never had a sexual relationship like that before ever. Like you can, you can message her right now and you can ask her, me and her have never, she massages Sammy and she massages me and all my friends. And that's like, really weird. I've never even thought of her like that. And Camilla hasn't had sex in like a year or two. I, I haven't driven down to see her in forever. I, I don't, don't want any of these people. I don't like, I love you. I wanna fucking marry you. Like I wanna spend my life with you. You know, I was talking to you. You
Speaker 2 · 01:42
That’s weird you conveniently missed Sarah
Speaker 1 · 01:44
I don’t like l Sarah. I thought you and her were talking now. I didn't conveniently met her but I thought you and her were like friends and, and talking now. But no, I haven't slept with Sarah. I don't like, I'm not attracted to Sarah at all. Like she's not my type anymore. She barely has any tattoos. She shaves, I don't know, she cries a lot and it's not like the cute cry like you do. At least when you do it. It's cute when you cry. Like when she does it, it's like uh I'm like, this isn't cute. And so you haven't,
Speaker 2 · 02:19
So you're telling me you haven't fucked Sarah since we've been together?
Speaker 1 · 02:24
No, I haven't.
Speaker 2 · 02:29
you that you and you're, and you're telling me
Speaker 1 · 02:32
that you
Speaker 2 · 02:34
didn't go to this girl's house with the intention of fucking her.
Speaker 1 · 02:38
you interrupt
Speaker 2 · 02:39
You must have hit her up and tell her because she's not a psychic? So, how did she know what you were out doing if you didn't text her?
Speaker 1 · 02:49
Uh, all that started because a few days ago she had made a post online and she was like, she shared the flyer. I saw, she showed partly on
Speaker 2 · 03:00
March 2nd.
Speaker 1 · 03:02
Yeah, she shared the flyer and then I saw that she shared the flyer and I messaged her and then I was like, hey, and I was like, um, if you need any flyers, let me know or something and she was like, I wanna vend and I was like, cool. I was like, it's $100 to vend the ve I've been freaking about trying to get money together for, for, you know, I've been stressed about getting money together and she told me she would give me $100 and I was like, cool. And she was like, I'll even promote for you. I have a shit load of friends and she's like, I have all these events that I go to and then I paint it and I do stuff and I'll, I'll pass them all out. And I was like, cool. That, that's exactly like, it was not like any flirting going on or anything like that. I've never, like, I've never hung out with her. The only time I've ever seen her was at a club one time and then I saw her that month and that's it. Other than that, like Wednesday is the first time I've seen her since then. And I didn't even know where she lived or anything. She's to me, she's always been a bitch and I've always thought she was a fucking bitch and I honestly didn't like her. So she asked for that.
Speaker 2 · 04:08
So how did you end up at her house on Wednesday?
Speaker 1 · 04:11
Uh So she shared the event and then after that, I messaged her and she said, yeah, I'll, I'll promote for you. Um She's, I wanna promote for you. It's $100. I was like, it's $100 to event. And she's like, cool. And she's like, oh, I live in Treasure Island and she was like, if you're ever out here, let me know. And I was like, cool. And I was like, actually I was like, I have it planned to go and drop off flyers out there at some smoke shops and coffee shops. So if you could think of any spots, let me know. And I'll let you know when I come down there. And she said, cool. I was like, all right, cool. And then Wednesday comes along and I'm sad because my mom is messaging me calling me like we're having a yard sale and we're getting rid of everything. Can you fly down here and can you come get your grandma's stuff or I'm gonna just throw it away or sell it. And I was like, the last thing I wanna do is tell my mom, I spent all my inheritance and she's like, oh, you have plenty of inheritance money. Just fly down here and drive back with a car. It's not that big of a deal. And she's like, when should I pick you up from the airport? And she's like, I know you wanna come get this stuff. It means a lot to you. And she's like, and I hate to just throw it away. So just like, use some of your inheritance to buy a check to buy a plane ticket and come down here and I had to lie to my mom and tell her that I was busy and I can't, I just felt really embarrassed and like, for me to spend, I haven't even told my mom yet. Like I feel so embarrassed. I spent my whole inheritance trying to like, take care of like, you know, the situation with Sammi , I let Sammy take advantage of me and she bled me dry and she would always make me pay for her bills and pay for her stuff and pay for her car insurance. And now I can't even get her to help me buy food, you know, and like my mom still asked about Sammy and how Sammy's doing my mom and she still thinks me and Sammy are together. It makes me so embarrassed. Like to think about my dead grandpa that left me money and now I have nothing to show for it. That's why I started drinking and I, I just drank and I drank and I drank and I was so drunk that I could barely even fucking like, think straight. And I was like, I'm gonna go try and make some money. I'm a fucking idiot. I can't believe I spent all my grandpa's inheritance. And so that's why I've been trying to push this show so much. Like if you've noticed how passionate I've been about it, I, I wanna get some of this money back. Like I'm so embarrassed. I spent it all and I have so much shame my grandpa, he worked his whole life to give us money and I just spend it all.
Speaker 2 · 06:41
Ok?
Speaker 2 · 06:42
Ok so you’re having a pity party for yourself on Wednesday? How the fuck did you end up at her house?
Speaker 1 · 06:45
Because all so on Wednesday, I was having a pity party and I started drinking. So I went down the Treasure Island and I was, I went and hit first, I went to the, the, the Waffle House that was next to rich's work. And I put like a few flyers in the waffle house and then I walked over to the beach and I spoke to blunt and then after that, I noticed my phone was dying and I was about to die. So I called, I can't think of her name. I called the girl. I don't even know her name. I can't even think of her name. I don't know. I called her and I was like, hey, I was like, I have flyers, I'm here. Let's like smoke. Let me give them to you. Can I charge my phone in your house? And she's like, yeah, so I go to her house.
Speaker 2 · 07:37
What time is it?
Speaker 1 · 07:39
What,
Speaker 2 · 07:40
what time, what time did this happen?
Speaker 1 · 07:43
It was like, let me look for my phone. What time? Ok, I know it was night time. I know it was dark out. I'm, I'm, I'm just guessing eight o'clock, nine o'clock, I'm just guessing like between the hours of eight and nine because it was relatively dark to the point where I couldn't see a lot. I remember me being like, so like I was sitting there and everything was spinning and I was like, I shouldn't be driving and I just had my hands on my head and I'm just sitting there. I was like, I should just call Jordan and tell her that I'm drunk at the beach. And then I was like, no, I was like, she's gonna fucking think less of me. And I was like, I'm just gonna go like sober up. I, I really wasn't trying to like, I wasn't thinking sexual thoughts about this girl and I don't ever, I never have, you're the only girl I thought sexual thoughts about like when we've gone out. I've, I've don't even pay attention or even, no one even registers. To me. I have everything that I need. And so I can't think of a better person to have than you. I, you're everything I could ever want. And, and so,
Speaker 2 · 09:06
so you're drunk on the beach and you decide to call her?
Speaker 1 · 09:14
Yeah, because I was like, she had to go to her house to charge my phone
Speaker 1 · 09:18
Yeah. And I promise you it was never like, oh
Speaker 2 · 09:21
So you text message her?
Speaker 1 · 09:23
I don't remember. I know that I, I know that I talked to her. I promise you. I'm telling you everything that I know right now. I just remember talking to her, I'm probably sure it was the phone. I remember talking to her and that going back to her like I remember, I remember, I remember I'm trying to think about this. I fucking hate tequila so fucking much. I remember sitting on the beach and I'm like freaking out because I didn't even think I should be driving and I was like, oh yeah, I can call her because I was done with what I had to do. And she said, yeah, you can come over and I'll feed you, you know, get some flyers or whatever. And I was like cool like it wasn't even anything like flirty or nothing. And then I get there and we hung out like it wasn't, we weren't even sitting, she doesn't even have a couch. The bitches so broke, she has like two chairs in her living room and that's it. And I just remember going in our house and it smelled like cat piss and there was pee all over the house and like cat litter. Should I be here? I just remember being really disgusting.
Speaker 2 · 10:26
Ok. So how did she end up sucking your dick?
Speaker 1 · 10:31
I don't know. We ended up, I ended up being there for like trying to sober up and remember smoking and then I remember her coming and sitting next to me when I was like, smoking on like the ottoman chair or something like that. And then I remember she started like to kiss on me and stuff and then she started to give me head and I was like, what the fuck? And I was like, really drunk and everything was spinning around and I was just like, of course, I part of me was like, this is stupid. Like, what are you doing? But then the drunk colin was like, oh, this feels nice. And I'm like, I instantly like, after it didn't even, it wasn't even enjoyable, I don't even remember coming. I don't even think I did come. I don't know. But I remember her getting really upset and I don't know, acting stupid. Ok? I just remem I just remember her being like cranky like after she did it, I remember her being upset with me and I don't know why I just remember her being mad like,
Speaker 2 · 11:39
well… did she get to get off?
Speaker 1 · 11:41
No,
Speaker 2 · 11:45
no, maybe that's why she was cranky.. So you're saying that she didn't get off? Like you didn't give her head?
Speaker 1 · 11:52
I don't remember, I don't like, I really don't like
Speaker 2 · 11:59
so yes, you gave her head.
Speaker 1 · 12:00
Ok. No, no, I'm not telling you. I would tell you if I gave her head. I, I'm honestly telling you right now. I don't remember ever giving anyone head.
Speaker 2 · 12:07
That's like your move is actually giving good head the very first time. You did it to me and then never again
Speaker 1 · 12:12
giving good head
Speaker 2 · 12:13
again.
Speaker 1 · 12:15
I would never, I, I,
Speaker 2 · 12:17
you would never, I
Speaker 1 · 12:17
did, I would give you head. I would give you head. I would give you head every single day. But whenever we, whenever we have sex, I come inside of you and I have like a big thing that gets me nasty if I hate my own come and one time I've got it in my mouth and it made me wanna throw up and like,
Speaker 2 · 12:31
oh but you expect everybody else to swallow your come.
Speaker 1 · 12:35
I know you're right. It's double standards and I'm, I'm sorry. And I, I would eat your pussy every fucking day for the rest of my life from I would, if I get the chance to, I promise you, I would, I'll leave you busy every fucking day. So
Speaker 2 · 12:51
So you're saying, so you're saying that you went over there to sober up. She hit on you, she came on to you. She gave you head. Maybe you gave her head. You don't remember. And when did you leave?
Speaker 1 · 13:10
And then right after that, I told her I was like, I need to go and I was like, I shouldn't even be here. And I was like, I have stuff to do tomorrow and she was like laughing at me. I just remember her being really weird. I feel like Jordan, I feel like something, it sounds crazy. I feel like somebody like in the background set this up because now it's like, it's weird like the way she's talking to me now, it's like she planned this all out and she like, it sounds crazy. I'm not trying to not take, I mean I take accountability. I'm not blaming anyone but I feel like somewhere, somewhere somewhere like in the very background, i think someone is fucking with me and like, I feel like somebody like paid her to do this or like, there's so sneaky conniving that's trying to like, destroy my life. Like the last time we tried to throw the pop up show in Treasure Island, someone called a shitload of cops on them and like the shitload of cops, my friend said that most cops came more than they've ever seen. Like looking for a Renegade, you know, and like, I know, I feel like someone's trying to sabotage me I'm not saying that I'm, I'm not to blame, ok? Like I take blame
Speaker 2 · 14:15
you think it's possible that somebody paid this girl just to get you to cheat on me?
Speaker 2 · 14:21
on. What?
Speaker 1 · 14:23
I don't know, I feel like not paying but I feel like, I don't know the way that I felt afterwards, like, not right away. Like, like I think like the first day, the first night, I didn't feel like that. But like the second day I started to feel like she was like, like role playing. Like she was just like she was acting and like she knew that it was gonna happen. I don't know, like, like this like Thursday, like whenever I saw her again on Thursday, it was like, it was like, it was weird, like the way she was talking to me, it was just weird. It was like, she knew everything was gonna happen and like, she was like, she thought it was funny as fuck that my life was falling apart. And I even told her, I feel that I, I shouldn't have done that and I feel bad and she laughed at me and she thought it was funny and I, I told her that I love you and I care about you and I told her that I was a fucking idiot. I remember doing that
Speaker 2 · 15:11
so you leave, so you leave her house on Wednesday night, you call me, you tell me a big colin story about leaving your phone on the beach. I remember thinking it was weird because he worked in little weird details.
Speaker 2 · 15:26
you told
Speaker 1 · 15:27
I know, I know. I was really dumb Jordan now. I wish I had just been like, hey Jordan, I got head from somebody. I just now II I played that scenario in my head so many times and I'm just sitting here over and it would have been so much better if I just called you and told you I'm like, this crazy girl is fucking insane. I'm drunk right now and she gave me a head and I don't know what to do. II, I, I've, I've laid in my bed all night last night just thinking about the ways I could have done it. And like I just, I tried to have
Speaker 2 · 15:55
more that night.
Speaker 1 · 15:57
What? No, I didn't. I, after that night I told her I'm, I'm, I'm done, I'm going home like I, I shouldn't have done this. Like I feel really, really bad. I was like, I have an event tomorrow, I'm supposed to help Jordan with and I was like, I have my dogs at home and II, I came home, I remember telling the same dumb story to Sammy and Ivy and um because they, I came home and they could tell I was like drunk, I'm pretty sure, but they were just looking at me fighting and they're like, where have you been I was, like, told them the same dumb story and I went,
Speaker 2 · 16:25
and they knew you were lying too because you're horrible at lying. But go on.
Speaker 1 · 16:29
Yeah. Yeah. I know. They know I was lying because they're like, whatever. And then I went back into my room and I passed out, I laid down and I, I just cried and I, I just cried because I got myself into this situation and I don't, I don't know why. And, um, I realized I'm the happiest I've ever been in my whole entire life with you. And I know the past few days I've been like a little distant and like, I'm, I just, I, I was laying here crying thinking about the other night when we were at the Memon and I, I was so mean and I just, I, I should have just told you it wasn't me trying to be mean. I was just scared and I was like, I wanted to tell you and I didn't know how to act. I was so embarrassed. Ok,
Speaker 2 · 17:11
you're saying you went home, you felt, you felt guilt. You didn't talk to her. How did you end up giving her a ride to my party? Colin
Speaker 1 · 17:19
because she told me she, she called me the next day and she was like, I'm gonna come to this, I'm gonna help blah, blah, blah. And she's like, I wouldn't do
Speaker 2 · 17:29
that. I didn't want you giving her a ride and I didn't need her help because I didn't know who she was. And I thought it
Speaker 1 · 17:34
was weird that you were bringing up some random girl. No, I know, I know it wasn't in and, but then whenever you were like, yeah, she can sell raffle tickets. Remember you said you can, she could sell raffle tickets. And I told her that I was
Speaker 2 · 17:47
because actually I made documentation that said that she was not allowed to handle
Speaker 1 · 17:50
money.
Speaker 2 · 17:50
So I never said
Speaker 1 · 17:52
I, I
Speaker 2 · 17:52
remember any sort of raffle tickets.
Speaker 1 · 17:55
I remember you saying she could help me sell raffle tickets
Speaker 2 · 17:58
that she wasn't allowed. I literally made documentation. So the
Speaker 1 · 18:02
reason I'm saying is no, I'm not trying to guess that you, I remember you saying something about her, you were, we argued about it and you were like, fine if she, I was like, you were like, if she wants to help, she can help give out raffle tickets, but she can't sell anything. And you were like, I was like, cool. She can help give out raffle tickets. You're like, yeah, but she has to listen to everything I say and she can't just sell anything and do whatever she wants. I remember us having a conversation.
Speaker 2 · 18:22
She's allowed to sell her paintings. I said I
Speaker 1 · 18:26
just want
Speaker 2 · 18:27
that doesn't matter. So she called you the next day and says that she wants to help.
Speaker 1 · 18:32
Yeah. The reason why I'm just saying this is because I had already told her, like I told her that you said that she could sell raffle tickets because for some reason, the me and you were talking and I thought that you said cool, she could sell raffle tickets. So I told her that Jordan said it was cool. She sells raffle tickets. So she said cool. She was like, I'll get dressed up cute and I can sell raffle tickets to skater boys and flirt with skater boys. And I was like, cool. Like, you know what I mean? That's what she wanted. I was like, cool. She's gonna be out of my hair, not my problem, you know, and like she can come and do deal with this. I didn't even think things were escalating the way they did. I, I was embarrassed because she's the kind of person that like post stuff online and makes up the craziest shit online. Like I've seen, I've seen her Insta I've seen her Facebook shit like the day, the day of your party, like after your party happened, she made a post online and she was talking shit about you and I messaged her right away and told her to take that shit down like it was just crazy shit. She was like, I went to this event and nobody was a supportive of me being there and everyone talked shit to me and the girl that threw the party was talking shit to me and calling me bad names and was degrading me and then she was complaining about nobody helping her. It was just like this long out crazy ass rant and I, I just, I know Feder saw it too because probably better told her to shut the fuck up and take it down too because that's the first thing I did. And so when I saw her doing that, it made me scared. I was like, all I could picture was her making a post like about me and all this crazy shit about you. And then like I just, I I freaked out, I didn't know what to do. I was like now I have to like be in this crazy fucking purgatory with this psycho ass bitch and like she's fucking insane. Like I don't even wanna see this woman ever again. Like she terrified me and II I was already in a bad state. I was already drunk and fucking sad boy and I didn't think I deserved anything. I didn't even think I deserved you. I was like, she's too good for me. Sammy was beating me up the day before. I remember you remember me telling you I never really got into it but I can stay here and read messages from her Sammy. Like the reason why I left your house so early is because I told her I can send her, read the messages, you could look through me and Sammy's messages any time. I don't care. But I told her. I was really communicative with her about your party, about your party or the day before or something. And I told Sammy, I think you remember, I'm like, do you think you could please walk the dogs and take care of the dogs and stuff like that? And then she was complaining about her and I be having to do stuff. I can't remember where we were, but I remember I'm staying at your house and it was with Abby
Speaker 2 · 21:17
that was Saturday night.
Speaker 1 · 21:19
No, there was a night, I'm sorry, I can't get all these nights. I know there was a night when I told you, Sam's really bothered me. Remember I told you she's really being really mean and she sent me a lot of text messages and it was right around the same time. I think it was like,
Speaker 2 · 21:35
so first stay in my party, you're saying that this girl hit you up and said, hey, I need a ride and instead of doing the things that I asked you to do because you thought
Speaker 1 · 21:47
that
Speaker 2 · 21:48
you're saying you're telling me because you thought that she was going to make a public online post.
Speaker 1 · 21:58
Thank you. I still handle the things. I, I don't wanna degrade you and I, I don't, you're right. I should have gone to, to Costco and I'm, I was drunk and I felt like really embarrassed. I didn't want you to pick me up drunk. And I just felt like a fucking
Speaker 2 · 22:12
OK. That's Wednesday. I'm talking about Thursday.
Speaker 1 · 22:14
I know, I know I was just ashamed. But Thursday, Thursday
Speaker 2 · 22:19
in the morning of you actually said that you were going to come over that morning and you never did.
Speaker 2 · 22:22
So where were you?
Speaker 1 · 22:28
I was at my house. You, I was with Sammy and Ivy here. They had me doing stuff because Sammy had to go to work. I remember, I remember being here most of the day and then I remember Sammy going to work but you know how it is with her. I have to like take care of the dogs. I had to bake her some coffee. I had to fucking make food and roll her blunts and I'm not doing those things anymore. I, I've been doing a lot of thinking about that but I'm saying I spent the most of the day taking care of other people. And then after that I drove around, I remember it took me a while to find fuel. I went to, to Lowe's, they didn't have it and I went to Home Depot. They didn't have it. And then I had to drive across town to go to a I'm not complaining I would do it. I would drive all around town for you. I don't care.. I did those things.
Speaker 2 · 23:17
So you got the fuel from Ace hardware?
Speaker 1 · 23:19
Yeah, I ended up getting the fuel from Ace and then,
Speaker 2 · 23:24
and then,
Speaker 1 · 23:26
and then I remember getting everything we needed, all put together. And then I remember going back home and taking a shower to try and like, clear my head and just get like my thoughts together. And I, I was just like everything was spinning and all I wanted to do is just call you and tell you. But it was the day of your show and I didn't, the last thing I wanted to do was to like to tell you the day of your show, I did some fucked up shit. I was just trying to like, I don't know, I should have told you this is the one thing I regret more than anything. And now I know that I can tell you anything. It makes me even more mad that I didn't just say it because we could have figured this out. If I ever told you, we would have figured it out and it would have been so much better if you would just like beat this girl's ass or just like if I had told you, if I called you fucking Thursday and been like, babe, I'm freaking out. This girl sucks my dick and I'm drunk and she won't leave me alone and I'm scared. I know you would fucking, you would have done something you would have come up there and
Speaker 2 · 24:23
so you go back to your place and you take a shower. Did you know you were going to go pick her up at this point?
Speaker 1 · 24:29
Yeah. She had already told me.
Speaker 2 · 24:32
Yeah. When?
Speaker 1 · 24:34
I did, I, I think I knew like, a little bit after it was probably like five o'clock when I knew six o'clock. I don't know. It was probably around the, no, no, it was. That's Thursday. Sorry, Wednesday. You went to Costco. I fucking hate alcohol so much.
Speaker 2 · 24:54
Went to Costco and you went to Treasure Island and you fucked your at her house.
Speaker 1 · 24:59
No, I didn't fuck her.
Speaker 2 · 25:01
I'm sorry, you exchanged fellacio .
Speaker 1 · 25:05
I don't remember giving her head at all. I swear to you. I don't remember doing that. All I remember is
Speaker 2 · 25:10
whatever that's still sex colin, just bc there wasn't penetration, whatever,
Speaker 1 · 25:15
you know, and it was wrong.
Speaker 2 · 25:18
So you fucked her on Wednesday.
Speaker 1 · 25:21
Yes. No, I didn't
Speaker 1 · 25:23
it sounds so bad.
Speaker 2 · 25:25
There was no penetration on Wednesday. You got head and you came
Speaker 1 · 25:35
I think so
Speaker 2 · 25:36
with another girl. And then on Thursday, you what got the shit for the event like
Speaker 1 · 25:50
Thur
Speaker 2 · 25:50
Thursday. You're telling me you, you were taking care of Sammy all day.
Speaker 1 · 25:56
Yeah, I took care of Sammi and Ivy and then yeah, continue. I'm sorry you were talking
Speaker 2 · 26:02
and then you took a shower and walk your dogs and then at like six, she said she needs a ride and you were too
Speaker 1 · 26:14
scared. No, it's six o'clock. She said she's getting dropped off at Mad Hatter's Ore steep Station. She said which one is closer? And I was like, probably mad hatters Remember I asked you that? I was like, she said, she's gonna get dropped off at Madhatter's or ST Station and you were like, ST Station. And I, I told her that Madhatter is next to my house at ST Station is closer to the venue and then she's like, all right, well, where are you at? And I was like, out running errands and she's like, all right. Well, I'm gonna get dropped off close to where you are. So, where are you at? I was like, well, I'm by my house and she's like, ok, well, I'm on the way and I was like, ok, cool, whatever. And I continued to do what I was doing and then she texted me, whatever called me or something and she was like, I'm at Mad Hatter's and I had forgotten and I was like, fuck when she told me I was always like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't know, I really didn't honestly like, she was the last thing going through my mind. I was more just thinking about the day of your show and like how I spent all my inheritance money and how I wish I wanted more than anything to take you to Costco and pay for all your food because you've been feeding me so much. And it's like a year ago I could have done that and it made me so embarrassed because I spent all my money on Sammy. And it made me so mad that I couldn't spend it on someone like you that actually fucking loves and treats me good in that. I spent so much time and effort just like going to the grocery store for Sammy and like food, sitting in the fridge and just going bad because she doesn't even wanna eat it because she's stubborn. Like I want more than anything to take care of you. And I'm so embarrassed that you helped me so much.
Speaker 2 · 27:50
You,
Speaker 1 · 27:52
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just keep thinking about Costco. I'm sorry, I just keep thinking about Costco and I just wanted to go so bad and like, buy food. I felt so embarrassed. I didn't even have money for myself. I wanted to go so bad. I keep thinking that in my head, I wish I could have just put my shoes on and gone with you and just told you I'm broke and I'm drunk.
Speaker 2 · 28:18
So on Thursday you pick her up at 530.
Speaker 1 · 28:26
Uh, it, it's not exactly five, I'm sure. Yeah, 530. I couldn't say exactly
Speaker 2 · 28:31
4? 5? 3? 3. What time?
Speaker 1 · 28:34
it wasn't three. I know that because I remember that Sammy had already gone to work. I remember, I remember Ivy was at the house and I remember telling Ivy if you want no way. I remember now I remember Sammy was sick. I remember telling Ivy, do you wanna come and the coffee and she was like, yeah, I'll come do that. But then Sammy got sick and she didn't go to work. That's why I was there at the house taking care of her because she was sick. And then Ivy never came to your thing because she stayed and took care of Sammy. Remember?
Speaker 2 · 29:12
Ok,
Speaker 1 · 29:14
now I remember, ok, so I remember me and Ivy were taking care of Sammy most of the day because she was throwing up and she was sick and then Ivy bailed because she had to stay and take care of Sammy.
Speaker 2 · 29:26
Ok?
Speaker 1 · 29:27
And so I left them around 530 I went to Matt Hatter's to go pick her up. Mhm
Speaker 2 · 29:40
And
Speaker 1 · 29:41
and I continue to drink. I don't think she even noticed I had it in a cup. I went to Publix and I got a cup full of ice and put Sprite and Tequila in it.
Speaker 2 · 29:56
When did u do that? You know what ever Ok. I'm just going with the story at this point.
Speaker 1 · 30:00
I'm saying when I was out running my errands, like I told you I was out running errands. I went to Home Depot, went to Lowe's. I went to, I stopped at public and I got fucking bottle of tequila and I got a big old cup of ice and a Sprite because apparently the only way for me to like not think about anything is to be so black out drunk. I don't know. The last time I drunk was with Sammy at the fair and I don't remember anything and she told me I acted a fool hanging out the window of the car. Don't understand. So yeah, I continued to drink because I just fucking hated myself. And I put, I was digging myself deeper and deeper and deeper. So I just honestly, Jordan, I was just sitting in my car like before I went to go get her, I sat in my car, I was just crying just like I didn't know what to do and I wanted to call you and I told you, I knew something was gonna happen like sketch, I didn't know we were gonna have sex. I just knew something. The situation was bad. And I just like, I, I couldn't talk to anybody.
Speaker 2 · 30:57
You called me to see where I was.
Speaker 1 · 31:02
What do you mean?
Speaker 2 · 31:03
I remember when you called me, you called me at like four
Speaker 1 · 31:09
because I wanted to talk, I wanted to talk to you and like I wanted to tell you like I was a coward and I just as soon as you answered the phone, I was scared. And I just, at that point when I called you, I wanted to say everything that was going on and I wanted to be like help. There's this girl sitting here she gave me head and I don't know what to do and she wants me to get her and I'm fucking wasted and I shouldn't be driving and I'm, I need your help. I wish I had called you. I'm so used to Sammy. I'm like, Sammy beats me down so much.
Speaker 2 · 31:38
Keep going. So what happened?
Speaker 1 · 31:42
So I went and picked her up from mad hatter's and then I remember going to get blunts and then I remember pulling over and rolling up a blunt because we were trying to kill time because I was waiting for like, you to let me know you were at the park and I was gonna go right there and start setting stuff up. So I sat in my car, I remember rolling up. I remember smoking after the other blunt was after the blunt was done. I remember leaning over putting the blunt out and then I remember her like start touching me and then I sat back down and she like started to pull my pants off. I remember like feeling really scared like I didn't know what to do. I was like, if I don't, she's gonna fucking post online that I abandoned her and tried to rape her and left her on the side of the road or something. And if I do, it's like, I'm just betraying myself and hurting myself.  , I just remember her like climbing on top of me and then like two seconds later, it was like, it was over with. I didn't, I didn't even come.  I know I didn't come because I didn't enjoy myself. I didn't like it at all. It wasn't very long. And so it was like a few seconds. And then I remember pushing her up and like getting off of her and I remember her saying something like that's it or something like that and like laughing at me or something. And then after that, I was like, I can't do this and we have to go and I feel bad. I remember saying that specifically.
Speaker 2 · 33:39
How did you get the scratches on your back?
Speaker 1 · 33:42
I really don't know, Jordan. I told you I have no clue. I think she must have scratched me when she climbed on top of me.
Speaker 2 · 33:49
Mm
Speaker 1 · 33:52
I just remember it not being enjoyable and I remember it not, we were part between like my house. I don't know. I remember just being really drunk and pulling over the car like, II I probably shouldn't have been driving. I probably should have just Uber to the party. But I remember being so drunk, I had to pull over and I had no clue where I was. And I just remember everything spinning around and I uh it's a habit for me to smoke. So like I was sitting in the car and everything was spinning in circles, you know, that, you know, like when you're really, really drunk and everything is just like you can hear every sound and everything is just like spinning and spinning and spinning and if you move like a muscle, you like throw up and you said that you didn't
Speaker 2 · 34:38
So you didn’t intend to fuck get when you picked her up?
Speaker 1 · 34:39
No, I did not. I did not. I really wanted her to be a part of the event and I really, she was like, show me all her paintings and stuff like that and really excited about it and like, and she was like, I just wanna help do this stuff. And like, she was like, my ex boyfriend is abusive and used to like, talk shit about me doing shows and like used to degrade me and like, I don't know, I just felt like I could relate and I was honestly, you know how like a caring person I am and like, when it comes to events, I'm so passionate about it and you can ask any one of my friends, like or anybody like Colin's always so open and if someone wants to be a part of it, he's so willing to like to have them be a part of it. And like, especially like if they're passionate and she was passionate and you can tell like, and I really honestly was just trying to give her a spotlight
Speaker 2 · 35:26
and did she ever ask about me? because you brought her to my event, like, who did she think I was to you?
Speaker 1 · 35:37
I told her you were my girlfriend. I told her I said, I don't think she understood the whole thing with me and Sammy because last time she saw me, I was with Sammy. Like when we were at mad munk, she met me with Sammy. Like I remember us talking about,
Speaker 2 · 35:51
what about, what did you tell her about our relationship though?
Speaker 1 · 35:56
So I told her that Sammy and me haven't been sleeping together. I said that we haven't really been having a lot of sex and I was like, me and Sammy probably had sex in like a year and she was like, y'all don't have sex. And I was like, no, and I was like, but I said, so I've been kind of like dating someone too, seeing someone that I met at hulaween. I was like, it's kind of complicated because I was like, I still have to deal with Sammy and Sammy is always calling me to ask to do stuff and like, I still love Sammy, but I was like, but I wanna be with Jordan and I love Jordan and I'm, I'm caught in this loop in between of like not having sex ever with Sammy, but she still treats me like we're supposed to be a partner. And then I had this amazing girl that like, that loves me and cares about me. But I can't be completely with because I have Sammy. So we're not completely together because of Sammy, but we are together and I was like, I, I told her, the whole thing.
Speaker 2 · 36:54
What made her, what made her think that like you, that you weren't sexually satisfied enough because I know what you told me. I know what you told me when I met you.  You pulled a “woe is me I haven't had sex with anybody in over a year. I just, I haven't gotten laid poor me. I'm colin”,
Speaker 1 · 37:17
no, it wasn't like that. I, she, I, she didn't understand the dynamic about now. She asked me when the last time I had sex with Sammi was and I told her it had been a while and that that is not, I don't, I don't think she understood like the timelines and like the people and I think she was getting really confused because she was like, so who's Ivy? And then she was like, what the fuck? And then Sammy and then Jordan and I'm just like, yeah, like the whole entire concept to her, I could tell she wasn't even paying attention to anything. I was saying like, she was on her phone most of the time and she was like, ignoring me like doing other stuff. Like you could tell she didn't care. I there was times where I had to repeat myself.
Speaker 2 · 38:03
So, but did you tell her that you and I do have a healthy sex life or did you just not mention
Speaker 1 · 38:10
she didn't ask me that? I told her that I'm, I have someone that I’m dating
Speaker 1 · 38:19
but I told her that I have someone and I told her that I love you and I care a lot about you and that you're, you're really important person in my life. I know. IIII, I told her everything I could, I don't know. I was drunk and like I, II, I regret it and I don't, she doesn't mean anything to me and I don't ever wanna see her ever again or be her friend. I don't want to even to have her vended the show. I like to talk to
Speaker 2 · 38:50
her.
Speaker 1 · 38:52
What do you mean?
Speaker 2 · 38:54
When have you talked to her since
Speaker 1 · 38:56
you wouldn't give her? You
Speaker 2 · 38:58
wouldn't show you, you fucked her right before my party. She clearly got there and noticed that things were not cool.
Speaker 1 · 39:08
No, in her mind she told me that she thought she was gonna be hanging out with me and you, and she thought that like, I know she thought that she could, like, be like, I don't know, she wanted to like to be you pretty much. I don't know. She told me one time she could do, I don't know. She's weird.
Speaker 2 · 39:31
How does she even know me? She doesn't even know me.
Speaker 1 · 39:34
I don't know. She wants to be you because you're like, you're throwing an event and you're with someone that's really well known that throws a lot of events around town that like has been doing stuff for a long time and she, she wants to throw events too. She's, she told me that she's like, oh I can throw events. She told me that she could throw an event better, better than you is what she told me. And she was like, I could be better than her for you. She told me that at one time and I laughed at her like the day of the show or whatever, she said something like I would be way better to you than she is. Like she told me that you were talking shit about me. Like she told me like all kinds of crazy shit. Like she told me that you were like talking to other guys there about me and like saying that Collins no help and he's fucking useless. Like he likes to think he is but he doesn't do anything. And she, I she was telling me all this crazy stuff about you talking shit about me like and I
Speaker 2 · 40:22
was right there when I said all of it.
Speaker 1 · 40:25
I know but it's, I was so caught off guard. I didn't, I didn't believe her
Speaker 2 · 40:28
but I'm just saying like I was, I was mad at you, everything I said about you said with you right there that you didn’t do the small couple things I asked you to do. I did not feel supported in the days leading up to the event and I did at the time, I didn't know why, but I was upset about it because I did not feel supported when I really, really needed you.
Speaker 1 · 40:47
You're right and II I, that's the one thing I hate the most is you're so supportive to me and you're so caring and so loving and so thoughtful and for me to be so selfish to put my feelings first over yours is the worst thing in the entire world. You're, you're the most amazing partner I've ever had Jordan. I'm not used to this. I've been treated so badly for years and years and I'm so used to just running away and like,
Speaker 2 · 41:11
so
Speaker 1 · 41:11
like
Speaker 2 · 41:12
after fucking her, go back to the so you, so you fucked her from on the side of the road somewhere that you don't remember, say, you said you definitely remember using protection but you didn't come.
Speaker 1 · 41:26
Yes, I remember using protection because I remember, I remember taking it off. Like I remember like feeling disgust. I remember getting out of the car and leaning over and fucking throwing up and like my stomach felt like I had been stabbed in the stomach and I remember fucking having that condom on and I took it off and I didn't see any come anywhere. And I don't remember coming and I don't, I just remember taking it off and just like feeling like shit. And I was like, what am I doing? I can't believe I'm doing this and I was like, this is the old you colin. Like, what are you doing? You've come so far like, you don't need to hide from her. Like you can tell her anything. I'm so used to Sammy. I'm so used to like, just running from her. I'm so used to like,
Speaker 2 · 42:06
so then you pull
Speaker 1 · 42:08
up,
Speaker 2 · 42:08
you pull up at Campbell.
Speaker 1 · 42:14
Yeah, I pull up in Campbell and then I see
Speaker 2 · 42:18
and,
Speaker 1 · 42:20
and then I pulled up a Campbell and then I was like, this feels wrong. And I, I was like, I don't like any of this and she's like, do you wanna Uber me home to, can I leave? I was like, yeah, I was like, if I would Uber you home right now and she was like, well, I can't leave. I was like, that would be really nice. And she's like, I just remember her not, I remember her being like upset like multiple times like I could just go home and Uber and I'm like, yeah, you should, I remember saying that to her twice. Like I was like, if you wanna go home, I will get in the car right now and take you home. I was like, I don't think you should be here. I remember saying that to her specifically, like the second she got out of her car and then Feder called me over there and Feder looked at me, he's like, she's trouble. And I was like, what do you mean? And he, then he started to explain to me he's like, I'm so sorry. Colin he was like, I should have told you everything from the beginning and he's like, I should have told you she's a stage one psycho, like, and that she's gonna fucking somehow come creep and crawl into your life and fuck you over. He, he told me that she, she does this to everyone that she's fucking like, psychotic and she did it, he did it, she did it to Ariel. She said she would come into her life and like, take credit for stuff and like act like she was the best person in her life and like act like that. Everything was because of her. Like, you know what I mean? She just is like fucking psychotic and she has no reason for doing the stuff that she does. And then at that point I started to be like, this is insane. Like
Speaker 2 · 43:41
so was her card there or not?
Speaker 1 · 43:45
What
Speaker 2 · 43:46
was her car? Where was her car?
Speaker 1 · 43:49
She doesn't have a car. She's a fucking lazy.
Speaker 2 · 43:53
You just said something about her when she got out of the car, when she got out
Speaker 1 · 43:56
of her car. I said when she got out of that car, like, you know, I gave her a ride, she got out of the car.
Speaker 2 · 44:04
Oh so Feder pulled up to see you and her having just fucked, and get out of your van. No wonder he was like, fuck this.
Speaker 1 · 44:17
No, no, he was like, no, he told me he said that he was like that because of her and he said it had nothing to do with me. He said that
Speaker 2 · 44:26
he
Speaker 1 · 44:26
saw the
Speaker 2 · 44:26
two of you roll it up. He said this is trouble.
Speaker 1 · 44:29
Yeah. And I didn't know. He said he's sorry for not telling me days ago that she, she, he said a few days ago she messaged him and said that she was gonna hit me up and she wanted to be a part of the event and she was gonna hit me up to get all the information about like vending and like getting fires and stuff. And fetter said he forgot to tell me he was like, I do remember her hitting me up saying,
Speaker 2 · 44:58
and at that point, you call me like, where are you? And I'm like, I'm here,
Speaker 1 · 45:06
you know, at that point I called you because Feder was like, where are we taking all this stuff? And he was like, uh, are you carrying it all in or am I carrying it in? I was like, I'm carrying everything. He's like, because I'm not doing any, any of that lifting and stuff. I was like, ok, and then I remember it being frustrating because you were like, I'm over here and I was like, where's over there? And Feder was like, just right over there. And I'm like, I couldn't see and he was like, but I'm parking here and then you were like, so park over there and he was like, but why would you go over there and we couldn't want him already. It was just what we were going back and forth about that.
Speaker 2 · 45:39
OK. And add at some point during the party, she keeps drinking, she probably realizes that you lied to her. When does she realize
Speaker 1 · 45:55
that you
Speaker 2 · 45:55
lied
Speaker 1 · 45:55
to her? I didn't, uh I didn't lie to her. She just realized she told me she knew what she was walking into. She knew you were my girlfriend. She knew we were coming to the show to your for your event. She knew all these things. She started to get mad when it
Speaker 2 · 46:11
what
Speaker 1 · 46:12
you like? She started to get
Speaker 2 · 46:12
mad. OK. Alright, sure.
Speaker 1 · 46:18
She, sorry, sorry, ask me your question again. So I want you to feel her. Uh if you'd ask me again, I'll, I'll explain it to you more clearly.
Speaker 2 · 46:29
So she thinks it's totally cool that I am totally cool with everything that happened or did you ask her to keep it a secret?
Speaker 1 · 46:38
No, she told me that she was embarrassed and she said that she doesn't wanna tell anyone about this because she told me it was out of character for her. And she said that she feels like a fucking hoe. And she said I've never ever just hooked up with someone like that or like she's like, I've never, she was like, you're really hot and I've never fucking been attracted to someone like that. And she was like, I don't know what I was doing and she was like, I feel really embarrassed and I think she's talking to someone too. I don't know. But you could just tell she started acting weird. She's like, please don't fucking tell anybody about this. And she's like, I can't have anyone finding out any of my, my stuff. And I just remember her getting really, like, paranoid about it. She's like, my fucking life is my life. So don't run your mouth. And I'm like, ok, I just remember her getting really defensive about it.
Speaker 2 · 47:30
Ok? So she asked you to not tell anybody.
Speaker 1 · 47:35
She told me that her life is her life and she would like for me to keep my mouth shut and not go around bragging about it or tell anyone about it. And she said her, she likes to keep her personal life personal. And I was like, ok, like I was like, I honestly don't even plan on hanging out with her again. So I was like, OK, cool.
Speaker 2 · 47:53
So she's so she said that she likes to be personal life personal not to tell anybody. So she and at this point did she know that I knew? Like, so y'all agree
Speaker 1 · 48:05
to
Speaker 2 · 48:05
keep a secret from me?
Speaker 1 · 48:07
No, not from you. She agreed to not talk about I there's no way in hell I was gonna keep that from you. I just didn't know when I was gonna say I knew I was gonna tell you because I,
Speaker 2 · 48:15
I that very night I looked, you uh you just don't
Speaker 1 · 48:19
even, no, I know I was gonna tell you, I promise you. I've been laying around thinking the day before when you were staying all night with fi I laid in bed all night thinking of the way I could say it to you. And I was laying in bed like I remember speaking out loud like, hey Jordan, I remember you saying like running the scenarios by my head. I just remember like for hours and hours just playing it through my head about how I could have done it differently and and how I just fucked up and how I'm just
Speaker 2 · 48:43
affecting you decided to keep it a secret from me at some point. She realizes that you're not giving her a ride home that you're going with me and that I don't know anything. That's why she copied an attitude to me when I was saying the nice things I did I was doing for you because that was offensive to her.
Speaker 1 · 49:03
No, she always said you're gonna say better said she's always whenever she gets drunk, she's a fucking like bitch. And I think it had to do with that like her being she was fucking wasted and I think that she's already a bitch and like it had it. I'm not saying that you're wrong. I'm just saying that main factor here is she was a drunk bitch, ok? And like it doesn't matter who or where or what she was she would have been a drunk bitch like and caused the scene no matter where she was and like no matter what setting she is, she's apparently that girl that just like,
Speaker 2 · 49:33
ok, so
Speaker 1 · 49:35
y'all
Speaker 2 · 49:35
agree not to tell me the event goes on. Everything is fine. We go home at night and I looked you and I see scratch mark and I say colin Why do you have scratch markers on your back? And you say what? I have no idea. It must have
Speaker 1 · 49:52
been. I didn't, I honestly didn't.
Speaker 2 · 49:55
And I looked you in your soul, in your eyes deep in your eyes. And I said to you, honey, I know something happened. If you just, this is your one chance that if you just come clean with me. So I don't have to be embarrassed and go through this. You should have told me that before it happened. But this is your one chance we've had extensive conversations about you are but a man and I called this happening months and months ago,
Speaker 1 · 50:33
you know, and I, I Jordan, I, I wish more than anything I could have looked in your eyes and just told you this. And now I've learned so much from this like III I honestly, I didn't even think
Speaker 2 · 50:43
and you lied to me
Speaker 1 · 50:45
because I was scared. I
Speaker 2 · 50:46
didn't you for two days.
Speaker 1 · 50:48
I honestly, I honestly didn't know at that moment in time. I, I hadn't, I was still putting the pieces together. And at that time, I'm not saying I should have told you everything, but I didn't know where the scratches came. I was caught off guard by the scratches too. Like, to be honest with you, 100%. I don't, I didn't know anything about the scratches or feel the scratches. So I was a little caught off guard by the scratches too. But when I sobered up the next day I started thinking about it more. I started to realize that and that's the night I stayed up all night when you were at fetters and I just laid around and I just was like,
Speaker 2 · 51:22
well, I
Speaker 1 · 51:22
wouldn't play the Yeah. And I just, I just laid in bed and thought about a million scenarios and I just, I, I wish I could just like get in the time machine and I just kept thinking about like I just had kept closing my eyes and just kept trying to push back and push back and be back and just kept replaying all the scenarios in my head again. And I just wish I could have just gone back and just held you on your face and just told you. And like I, I just wish I went, I wish I just never done any. I wish I went to Costco with you. I, I wish I wasn't such a selfish, selfish person. I love you so much. Uh I've never had someone be so good to me in my life.
Speaker 2 · 52:04
And the next day you saying she made a post and you instead her make, it, made her turn, made her take it down or I
Speaker 1 · 52:12
don't know what f did, but I'm pretty sure he saw it. I made her, I messaged her and told her it was childish and she needs to stop. And I said that that's ridiculous to be posting about her. I said that I love her and I don't want you to be talking about her like that. And I said, I thought it was really nice and I said a lot of us were feeling a lot of emotions and I said, um I know that like it was a really fucked up situation. And I said, I take full responsibility for and I said, it's all my fault for being in the situation. And I told her, I'm sorry for putting you in that situation and I'm sorry for putting Jordan in that situation. And I said, if the person you wouldn't be mad at is me not Jordan. And I said, Jordan's a loving kind, caring, sweet person who would do anything for someone she loves. It was her first event and she was just doing her best and I'd really like for you to just put the blame on me if you're gonna be mad at anybody and she took it down.
Speaker 2 · 53:09
And then what,
Speaker 1 · 53:11
OK? And then I, and then I started to tell her like, listen, this is crazy. I can't believe I did this. And I was like, it's out of character. I hate myself. And I was like, I hate who I am right now. And I was like, this isn't me. I said I'm in a healthy, loving, caring, committed relationship with Jordan and I want to continue to do that. And I said any time I even look at her, I think about her, I told, I told her all I could think of is shame. And I told her about her. I was like, I told her that I don't wanna hang out with her again anymore. And I was like, I don't wanna communicate with you. I don't wanna like see you. Uh
Speaker 2 · 53:46
Did you tell that to her before or after you came to my house and talk to me?
Speaker 1 · 53:53
What do you mean
Speaker 2 · 53:56
the day after you had your little guilt trip, day after the punk show? I beg for you to
Speaker 1 · 54:03
come over
Speaker 2 · 54:04
and bake the biscuits and you came over and you fucked me and you made leftovers and then you left to go to reggae rise up up alone.
Speaker 1 · 54:15
And I know because I was, I was embarrassed and I was ashamed and I wanted to like, tell you and I just, I know you noticed like the past two days like, fuck
Speaker 2 · 54:25
you, you let me fuck you
Speaker 1 · 54:27
because I love you
Speaker 2 · 54:27
You let me fuck you you after that.
Speaker 1 · 54:29
I know because I fucking love you
Speaker 1 · 54:33
No, I lo I fucked you because I, I'm attracted to you and I fucking love you and I want you and I, I don't want anybody else. And like, whenever we don't, whenever I don't have, whenever you ask me to fuck you and you always, you know, like I don't, I have quotas regardless. Like I love you. That's not why I like you. I love
Speaker 2 · 54:53
you, you know, you have quotas calling
Speaker 1 · 54:57
same with you. Like I, I love in Jordan, this is the only time I've ever fucked up and it's fucking stupid and I, I'm, I'm scared and I'm terrified and I, I hate myself. I, I've never had something so good in my life as you like it, it terrifies me like it makes me in my mind. I wonder if it's real like I get scared. I'm like, like Sammy used to be so nice to me and then mean and then so nice to me and then mean and I'm just like, is this real? This is crazy like she's so good to me. She puts up with all my shit like she's always listening to me like I started getting scared like I was like your
Speaker 2 · 55:30
house and you fucked me and then you left her regular eyes up alone and then I went out with Abby, you met us at Mad Monk, you were dick to me.
Speaker 1 · 55:43
I wasn't trying to be a dick. I just remember
Speaker 2 · 55:47
you were like, “no, you work for me. You're not allowed to work under your own company name, camp mingle wood was hired, I was hired if you're working it’s under me “
Speaker 2 · 55:55
If you’re working it’s under me is what you told me
Speaker 2 · 55:57
and I wasn't allowed to perform representing my own company
Speaker 1 · 56:00
No, I know it's not what I meant. No, I I thought you
Speaker 2 · 56:02
were gonna take most of the money.
Speaker 1 · 56:04
I I was, I know I didn't say that I didn't maybe I I was really alright. But when I showed up to you, I I know how we get about stuff and I know I was like, really excited about it and he told me he wants me to have full creative control and to come bring camp mingle wood and to recreate.
Speaker 2 · 56:21
And you said that if I wanna perform at that event,  that it was your gig and that I had to perform for camp Minglewood, which you know is something I'm not comfortable doing. And do you remember why I said, because I said I'm not comfortable with my reputation being associated with you at this point because again, II I know I know.
Speaker 1 · 56:30
,
Speaker 1 · 56:47
Right? And that that was very wrong of me to say and I, I feel lots of shame for saying that to you. And I, the other day I was just called you and told you that I want you to be a part of, I want to get you a full budget for uh this, this show is one of the, the grows, the Florida Grow show. It's a really big, big, big, big thing. And I would really love for you to be a part of it. And I thought about it what I said a few times and I think I'm a fucking idiot and I would love for you to have your own brand in there and your own control.
Speaker 2 · 57:13
And I will give you a call.
Speaker 1 · 57:16
I know. I don't get it
Speaker 2 · 57:18
and I don't work for you to me, you have to pay them.
Speaker 1 · 57:23
I know you're right. That was stupid of me to say I was just mad and I was talking out of anger. I instant regret it. And I'm so sorry. I said that Jordan, I,
Speaker 2 · 57:30
I
Speaker 1 · 57:30
don't,
Speaker 2 · 57:31
you caused a scene.
Speaker 1 · 57:34
Yeah, I didn't, I didn't mean to do that. I, I apologize from the deep down the bottom of my heart like I want you to, to know that
Speaker 2 · 57:42
go back to my place. You fall asleep on the floor. Well, you pretend to fall asleep on the floor while Abby
Speaker 1 · 57:48
and I are
Speaker 2 · 57:48
talking.
Speaker 1 · 57:49
No, I went right to the bed and went to sleep.
Speaker 2 · 57:53
You fell asleep
Speaker 1 · 57:54
on the floor
Speaker 2 · 57:55
while Abby and I were talking. Except for the one time I, I saw you open, you couldn't resist opening your eyes for me to say out loud that honestly, it's a shame. He really should tell me if he fucked somebody because I'm not even sexually motivated. I was happy with our sex life and I wasn't going to go anywhere else.
Speaker 1 · 58:16
I, I don't remember any of that. I remember going straight home.
Speaker 2 · 58:19
We go to bed that night. I remember putting, my fingers on your dick. But at that point I had told you all night. That's the night that I said, Colin, I know what happened. I know you disappeared at Treasure Island and you were fucking that girl and that you had the audacity of bringing her to my party. I'm not stupid. I know what happened. I took a couple days to like logic check and make sure I wasn't crazy even though you tried to tell me I was crazy and I would just see you literally girl you see in things.
Speaker 1 · 58:50
I honestly, it took me a day or two to, to process my back. I didn't know how I got that or anything, but then I put the pieces together. I don't remember feeling any of it and I don't remember any of it like I'm I,
Speaker 2 · 59:03
so I remember lying in bed Saturday night and I cried, I cried because I knew it was the last time I was ever going to be in the same bed as you. And the next morning you, I remember waking up, you got up at 7 a.m. You crept out of bed. You didn't call me.
Speaker 1 · 59:29
Yeah, I did kiss you and everything. I remember kissing you and I told you I love you. And I said, I'll be, I said I'll be back and I said I love you. You
Speaker 2 · 59:34
texted Abby? Are you all still? Are you all awake?
Speaker 1 · 59:37
I know because I didn't, maybe you were sleeping. I I wasn't trying to wake. I was trying to be cute and come back and wake you up and I had planned on going to get flowers and going to get food and coming back and showing up to the house and I was trying to be quick. But when I got back to the house, Fanny was like going in on me about how I was gone all night and how I don't take care of the dogs and how I'm a piece of shit and how I can't do anything. And, but II, I remember getting out of bed at eight o'clock and I kissed you multiple times and I said, I love you. I love you. I love you. I wish I could lay in bed with you more. I love you. And then I kissed your leg and then I, I went out and I went to the house and then Sam and we started fighting. Mhm I know I know I had every intention of coming back and making you breakfast. And I love doing that Jordan and I'd love taking care of you more than anything in this whole world. Like I wanna spend my life with you, I, I wanna, I wanna grow old with you. I wanna make, make mistakes together. I wanna grow together. I don't, I don't want anybody else. I, I wanna be with you and I don't care what I have to do. Like I want you, I want you to be my life partner. I want to, I want us to grow all together. I want us to do things and I, I've never, I haven't felt this way before
Speaker 2 · 60:48
then. You really shouldn't have talked it up. I told
Speaker 1 · 60:51
you, I told you what the consequences
Speaker 2 · 60:54
of your actions were.
Speaker 1 · 60:55
I know. I know and I, I hope that your
Speaker 2 · 60:57
story Colin I don't believe I tell
Speaker 1 · 61:00
you,
Speaker 2 · 61:01
I don't drink and I think you're trying to like, you know, I saw you both of the nights I kissed you. I was on you, you can smell alcohol on
Speaker 1 · 61:10
somebody. I have the bottle, right? I, I have another bottle right here. I swear I've been drinking, I've been drinking S bolo tequila blanca. Mhm
Speaker 2 · 61:19
You said that when that happened that night you were gonna go home and drink. And I said, Colin, I really suck. I'm gonna go skate because I have healthy habits. I really don't think you should drink. I think you probably just sit with your feelings
Speaker 1 · 61:32
and, and I was, I said that because I was like low key kind of bringing up that I've been drinking. And when I was like, I'm gonna go drink. But then that was me trying to like bring it up to you without bringing up. I was gonna like lean into it that I've been drinking
Speaker 2 · 61:46
as a I take all your shit out to you. You left me out talking to you for an hour. I go skating. You showed up at my house again at 2 a.m. swearing that you didn't do anything wrong really? And that it was this girl's fault. She basically jumped you.
Speaker 1 · 62:17
No. Uh uh I'm not saying you're wrong. I remember showing up your house telling you that I'm sorry and I take accountability for it. I remember being there sitting there crying. I remember I'm ever taking a responsibility for it and tell you that I'm sorry.
Speaker 2 · 62:43
Yeah, I got on the phone with have you texted? I have. So you were still awake, Sammy. I just kicked you out. So you had all your shit packed at that
Speaker 1 · 62:50
point? No, we didn't, didn't
Speaker 2 · 62:53
have a place to go. And he finally, finally after me telling you all last night over the phone, he finally told me that you had been sleeping with that girl.
Speaker 1 · 63:08
Ok, Sammy never kicked me out. I was packing my stuff up because I wanted to go get my own place and I wanted to tell you that I was, I wanna get my own place so we can be together. Ok? I was having a tough day. It was really hard for me to like my whole house is here and all my stuff is here. My dogs are here and for my mom to be calling me, tell me about she's getting on to
Speaker 2 · 63:33
reach out to her. So the message that the only screenshot you seem to have is from yesterday night and it's half and you put your fucking keyboard up there as though I don't know that trick to cover up to only show the text that you wanted.
Speaker 1 · 63:49
That's not what I was trying to do. I was really showing you the message that I sent that it
Speaker 2 · 63:54
probably you asking her being like, well, that probably seems like the first time she knew that we were in a committed relationship.
Speaker 1 · 64:03
No, she does not. I promise you. It's not the first time she knew.
Speaker 2 · 64:09
And she thought you've been telling everyone we were, I think you've been telling everyone we
Speaker 1 · 64:13
were open to polling and sleeping
Speaker 2 · 64:14
with everybody you could
Speaker 1 · 64:15
over
Speaker 2 · 64:16
the past six
Speaker 1 · 64:17
months,
Speaker 2 · 64:18
everything would have,
Speaker 1 · 64:20
baby. No, I have not been sleeping with anyone else and I have not been telling people that this is a one time thing and I'm fucking,
Speaker 2 · 64:30
so
Speaker 1 · 64:30
you, you
Speaker 2 · 64:31
You didn't tell Sarah that we had an open thing and that I didn't care and that we could all, you haven't been using a threesome with me as bait with these girls?
Speaker 1 · 64:44
No, Jordan, I have not. No Jordan, I have not. I promise you. I promise you I'm not me. And I, Sarah was one time she told me, I told you that Sarah hit me up and said I haven't gotten any of blah, blah, blah. And she, she brought something up about snuggling with me and you and I was like, that's something that I would wanna talk to Jordan about. And I was like, if we did anything, it would be with Jordan III. I know that for a fact, I have never ever hinted about hooking up with Sarah. I don't even wanna hook up with Sarah, but she said something about snuggling with us. I remember that like months ago. She was like, I just wanna come snuggle with you guys and stuff like that. And I was just like, well, that's entirely up to Jordan and I was like, I can't do anything without Jordan. I know that for a fact you can ask her that I've always told people that there's, I can't do
Speaker 2 · 65:36
I already know that you've been fucking Sarah the entire time colin.
Speaker 1 · 65:40
What are you talking about? I have not been fucking Sarah the entire time
Speaker 2 · 65:49
hasn't really meant a lot to either of you, but she gets sad and you're like, well, maybe fucking would help
Speaker 1 · 65:55
and you'll occasionally,
Speaker 2 · 65:57
I, I literally know that you do. I already know this.
Speaker 1 · 66:01
No, we don't fuck occasionally. We don't, we don't fuck, we don't fuck occasionally.
Speaker 2 · 66:10
You fucked her several times since you and I started seeing each other since Halloween?
Speaker 1 · 66:17
No, I have not.
Speaker 2 · 66:22
Are you really gonna sit by the story?
Speaker 1 · 66:26
not. I swear I have not. I am sitting by this story. I remember I've turned her down multiple times and I've told her that I, I can't do anything without you. I know I haven't.
Speaker 2 · 66:38
And you're also maintaining that this other girl came on to you and you had no interest in fucking her.
Speaker 1 · 66:50
Yes. Uh Jordan, I'm not lying to you. I, I don't know how I can tell you. I know this all like I'm, I know how this all looks, ok? I do. I've thought about it and it makes me even more mad like it's like this and it's frustrating that I can't get my point across and people won't believe me because I know that I'm, I'm just, things are used to being like this, but I honestly, I'm trying my very best.
Speaker 2 · 67:23
I need to go I have a meeting in 2 mins
Speaker 2 · 67:24
.
Speaker 1 · 67:25
Hey, hey, I, I love you, ok? I, I love you Jordan. I love you more than anything in this entire world. Like I wanna marry you. I wanna be with you. I'm willing to do anything it takes to fix this. Like I just wanna gain your trust back and I would never in my entire life, ever, ever, ever, ever think of, ever doing something like this ever again. I'm so fucking stupid and embarrassed. And if there's anything I can do. I will, I will climb Mount Everest to be with you.
Speaker 2 · 67:51
Goodbye, Colin,
Speaker 1 · 67:52
I love you.
